c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Bike Helper.xr.xml
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Bike Helper.exe
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Bike Helper.pdb
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Bike Helper.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Refit.dll
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Refit.pdb
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Refit.pri
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\Bike Helper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\Bike Helper.exe
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\Bike Helper.pdb
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\Bike Helper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\Refit.pri.xml
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\View\DetailsPage.xbf
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\DetailsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\DetailsPage.g.cs
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\DetailsPage.xaml
c:\users\faruk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\DetailsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\View\DetailsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Bike Helper.xr.xml
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Bike Helper.exe
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Bike Helper.pdb
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Bike Helper.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Refit.dll
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Refit.pdb
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\bin\Debug\Refit.pri
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\Bike Helper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\DetailsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\DetailsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\DetailsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\DetailsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\Bike Helper.exe
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\Bike Helper.pdb
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\Bike Helper.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\Refit.pri.xml
C:\Users\Faruk\Source\Repos\WindowsPhone-BikeHelper\Bike Helper v5\Bike Helper\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
